Add Umbraco Commerce: Buckaroo payment provider docs (#5651)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: commerce-add-ons/payment-providers/buckaroo/configuring-buckaroo.md

For each of these modes, multiple settings need to be configured.

## Step 2: Website key and secrets
In order for Umbraco Commerce to communicate with Buckaroo securely, we need to generate an API key that Umbraco Commerce can use to authenticate with.

### Website key
1. Go to [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://plaza.buckaroo.nl/).
2. Then head to Settings > Websites > General tab to find the website key:
![Website key.](../media/buckaroo/website-key.png)

### Secret key
1. Go to [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://plaza.buckaroo.nl/).
2. Then head to Settings > Secret key to find the secret key:
![Secret key in the Buckaroo Dashboard.](../media/buckaroo/secret-key.png)

## Step 3: Webhook
For Buckaroo to notify Umbraco Commerce of a transaction, Buckaroo makes use of webhook technology to send notifications of the changing transaction statuses. By using webhooks it ensures that the system will always be notified of these status changes. This is also the case if a customer decides not to return to the store once a transaction is complete.

When generating a payment request form, Umbraco Commerce sets the callback URL to the value below automatically:

> ```bash
>   https://{store_domain}/umbraco/commerce/payment/callback/buckaroo-checkout/{payment_method_id}/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
  https://{store_domain}/umbraco/commerce/payment/callback/buckaroo-checkout/{payment_method_id}/```
```

---
title: Configuring Buckaroo
description: >-
  Learn how to configure Buckaroo in order to implement the integration with your
  Umbraco Commerce installation.
---

# Configure Buckaroo

## Step 1: Sign up & Sign in

> If you haven't done so yet, head on over to the [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://www.buckaroo.eu/large-corporations/start) to register for a Buckaroo account.
> 
> Or
> 
> You can request a test account via this form: https://www.buckaroo.eu/large-corporations/solutions/request-form

Reviewer: To make it look a bit more readable:
```suggestion
You can sign up in 2 different ways:
1. For a business account, head over to the [Buckaroo site](https://www.buckaroo.eu/large-corporations/start) to register for a Buckaroo account.
2. For a test account, you can fill in a request form: https://www.buckaroo.eu/large-corporations/solutions/request-form
```

### Test & Live mode

> When logged in to the [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://plaza.buckaroo.nl/) it is important to know that there are two modes you can view data and perform tasks under. These are **Test mode** and **Live mode**.
> 
> **Test mode** allows you to perform test transactions to ensure your solution is set up correctly.
> 
> **Live mode** is where real-life transactions will take place.

Reviewer: As the 2 modes are related to the first paragraph:
```suggestion
When logged in to the [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://plaza.buckaroo.nl/) it is important to know that there are two modes you can view data and perform tasks under. These are **Test mode** and **Live mode**:
- **Test mode** allows you to perform test transactions to ensure your solution is set up correctly.
- **Live mode** is where real-life transactions will take place.
```

> In order to enable test mode, see [Buckaroo's docs](https://docs.buckaroo.io/docs/test-transactions#how-to-make-a-test-transaction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable test mode, you can check the [Buckaroo documentation](https://docs.buckaroo.io/docs/test-transactions#how-to-make-a-test-transaction).
```

![Enable test mode.](../media/buckaroo/enable-test-mode.png)

For each of these modes, multiple settings need to be configured.

## Step 2: Website key and secrets
In order for Umbraco Commerce to communicate with Buckaroo securely, we need to generate an API key that Umbraco Commerce can use to authenticate with.

> #### Website key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Website key
```

1. Go to [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://plaza.buckaroo.nl/).

> 2. Settings > Websites > General tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Then head to Settings > Websites > General tab to find the website key:
```

![Website key.](../media/buckaroo/website-key.png)

> #### Secret key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Secret key
```

1. Go to [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://plaza.buckaroo.nl/).

> 2. Settings > Secret key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Then head to Settings > Secret key to find the secret key:
```

![Secret key in the Buckaroo Dashboard.](../media/buckaroo/secret-key.png)

## Step 3: Webhook
For Buckaroo to notify Umbraco Commerce of a transaction, Buckaroo makes use of webhook technology to send notifications of the changing transaction statuses. By using webhooks it ensures that the system will always be notified of these status changes. This is also the case if a customer decides not to return to the store once a transaction is complete.

> When generating a payment request form, Umbraco Commerce set the callback URL to the value below automatically.
> ```bash
>   https://{store_domain}/umbraco/commerce/payment/callback/buckaroo-checkout/{payment_method_id}/
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When generating a payment request form, Umbraco Commerce sets the callback URL to the value below automatically:
```bash
  https://{store_domain}/umbraco/commerce/payment/callback/buckaroo-checkout/{payment_method_id}/
```
```

1. Go to [Buckaroo Dashboard](https://plaza.buckaroo.nl/).

> 2. Settings > Websites > Push settings > Scroll to `Select push content type` and set it to `json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Then head to Settings > Websites > Push settings > Scroll. Then `Select push content type` and set it to `json`.
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> When testing the webhook, if you use a service like ngrok to forward requests from a public domain to your localhost server. In that case, you need to set `Webhook hostname for test mode` value to be the public domain.

Reviewer: for the sentence to make sense:
```suggestion

When testing the webhook, you might use a service like ngrok to forward requests from a public domain to your localhost server. Then you need to set `Webhook hostname for test mode` value to be the public domain in order for it to work.

```
